Update docs with new Admin API tools for dbt-mcp (#7805)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/setup-local-mcp.md

You will need to configure environment variables to access the tools. If you are only using the dbt CLI commands, you do not need to supply the dbt platform-specific environment variables, and vice versa. 

#### Configuration for API and SQL tools

| Environment Variable | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | DBT_HOST | Required | Your dbt platform [instance hostname](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses). If you are using Multi-cell, don't include the `ACCOUNT_PREFIX` here. The default is `cloud.getdbt.com`  |

Reviewer: Tyring to make this less confusing maybe
```suggestion
| DBT_HOST | Required | Your dbt platform [instance hostname](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses). If you're using Multi-cell, exclude the `ACCOUNT_PREFIX` from the hostname. The default is `cloud.getdbt.com`  |
```

> | DBT_HOST | Required | Your dbt Platform instance hostname. For more information, click [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses). If you are using Multi-cell, don't include the `ACCOUNT_PREFIX` here. The default is `cloud.getdbt.com`  |

Reviewer: We can tighten up the text here

```suggestion
| DBT_HOST | Required | Your dbt platform [instance hostname](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses). If you are using Multi-cell, don't include the `ACCOUNT_PREFIX` here. The default is `cloud.getdbt.com`  |
```

| MULTICELL_ACCOUNT_PREFIX | Only required for Multi-cell instances | Set your Multi-cell  `ACCOUNT_PREFIX`. If you are not using Multi-cell, don't set this value. You can learn more about regions and hosting [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses).  |
| DBT_TOKEN | Required | Your personal access token or service token from the dbt platform. <br/> **Note**: A service token is required when using the Semantic Layer, and this service token should have at least `Semantic Layer Only`, `Metadata Only`, and `Developer` permissions.  |

> | DBT_ACCOUNT_ID | Required for Admin API tools | Your [dbt account ID](https://docs.getdbt.com/faqs/Accounts/find-user-id) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DBT_ACCOUNT_ID | Required for Admininstrative API tools | Your [dbt account ID](https://docs.getdbt.com/faqs/Accounts/find-user-id) |
```

> | DBT_ACCOUNT_ID | Required for Admin API tools | Your dbt Cloud account ID ([docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/faqs/Accounts/find-user-id)) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DBT_ACCOUNT_ID | Required for Admin API tools | Your [dbt account ID](https://docs.getdbt.com/faqs/Accounts/find-user-id) |
```

| `DISABLE_DBT_CLI`        | `false` | Set this to `true` to disable dbt Core, dbt Cloud CLI, and dbt Fusion MCP tools |
| `DISABLE_SEMANTIC_LAYER` | `false` | Set this to `true` to disable dbt Semantic Layer MCP tools                    |
| `DISABLE_DISCOVERY`      | `false` | Set this to `true` to disable dbt Discovery API MCP tools                     |

> | `DISABLE_ADMIN_API`      | `false` | Set this to `true` to disable dbt Admin API MCP tools                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DISABLE_ADMIN_API`      | `false` | Set this to `true` to disable dbt Admininistrative API MCP tools                         |
```
